hey guys mike here we watched a movie
about to do some DC news in front of a
marble poster cuz i don't give a damn
also i'm right here in the heart and the
deep thick shit right here at Comic I'm
in my mom's daycare I don't need fancy
things don't worry I know I'm cursing
there's no actual kids here so what I'm
talking about is the DC convention the
awesome shit that I'm not at war brother
Scott just wrapped up talking about
Batman vs Superman apparently was
amazing it was awesome and makes you
just want to jump off a roof because you
weren't there if you weren't there but
who knows anything about that but they
revealed some actual footage from
Superman vs Batman and showed wonder
woman for the first time via tweet from
zack snyder because he gives a shit
about the rest of the world apparently
the footage was pretty badass everybody
seems pretty psyched about it I'm not
hearing anything bad about it apparently
what happens if you haven't already read
it or if you're not awesome in there
apparently it shows Batman and some kind
of armor that's not what we've seen
before it's way bigger bulkier more
armor like kind are not returns when you
found Superman on top of a roof in
Gotham apparently is what I'm here
that's what people are saying I'm sure
didn't say Gotham City at the bottom of
it maybe you did maybe it just looked
like Gotham I don't know but it also
helps that you know the bat signals
apparently there's that makes it seem
like it's Gotham he pulls off the tarp
the bat single shots the sky Batman
looks up and apparently his eyes are
glowing white and apparently Superman's
flying up there like a badass and he
looks pissed off with red glowing eyes
again this is third person I've heard
this from other people I didn't see it
myself but that sounds freaking bad ass
I'm super excited about that I wish to
God I could have seen it hopefully
someone stole it and puts it on the
internet or hopefully DC will put it on
the internet themselves ax night or
whatever hope to god that we get to see
that pretty soon I want to see that
trail that's way cooler when I heard
before before what I heard was the rumor
was that Batman was in the Batcave and
he sees Zod on the TV and then looks at
the camera or something like that this
is way cool you actually get to see
Superman flying in the sky mean muggin
Batman from the sky and Batman in the
armor with the white glowy eyes that is
super sick and the other thing I did see
with mount rise was a picture of Gale
gatot as one woman
now I was a novelty Castillo got it I
mean I was followed that there's some
other people i think that could probably
would have been better to me would have
fit better to me
like the girl from Thor for example not
a couple women who just fit the profile
a little bit better but uh you know what
is who knows it could be amazing she
could be an amazing one woman so I
wasn't going around pissing others
people's Cheerios over it or anything
like that but the show the picture she's
standing obviously and what looks like a
battlefield or smoke roll up she's on
some rocks uh what looks like a zack
snyder said i don't know i don't love it
it's not white as comic booky as it
could have been i realized that they
want to make it all realistic but she
looks kind of xenia Sh but it's not
terrible it's not that I didn't throw up
on my floor or anything like that but
yeah I kind of look Morgan Xena Warrior
Princess to me than anything you know
didn't look that bad it looks okay it
looks horrible she's got the Eagle that
she's got the the right get up
everything's in the right place I like
the legs actually the Lego Lamar thinks
looks really good but it's just cut the
colors a little bit drab on its there's
not enough red white and blue and I know
she can't come out looking like a
friggin American flag I don't can't be
like bright like that TV show used to be
a bit cheesy but I think they should
throw a little bit of something in there
like maybe in the headband maybe
somewhere have someone chromed out red
or something like that some that looks
realistic but still says fucking wonder
woman and not to mention she that she
still does look a little bit thin that
doesn't bothers me as much I mean she's
got superpowers you know it's not like
she's Hercules I know that she's bigger
in the comic books she's also bus here
in the comic books and she doesn't
really have the quite the sex appeal
that the comic book has I just said that
but yeah the one but seriously don't
want that the one of the new 52 one
woman is just bodacious
ridiculous I mean look at this
dead ass I mean her ears a little bit
flat she's not as busty you're like just
just like damn like that you see like
this but at the same time it doesn't
look terrible she looks you know it's
the it's the ready to go version edgy
but she looks like she could be in a
fight and be all right I wish we could
have seen the shield she does got a tiny
little sword there so it looks okay I
mean it's whatever it didn't blow me
away could have been cooler but we seen
Wonder Woman now so check that off the
list we got a lot more shit to see I
wish it would have got a little bit more
from the panel they did bring out
apparently a flick and got it and Cavill
which just looking at those guys
together I mean and uh been athletes got
like a leather jacket like this is
looking kind of scruffy I was like
you're you're you're already preparing
you in here you're Batman right now you
know but they don't even let him talk or
anything so not a whole lot but that's
pretty cool and let's cross our fingers
and hope we see the footage guys count
below let me know the real reason I did
this video which I don't know what
you're all thoughts are about wonder
woman I want to watch you think about
the way she looks if you're pissed off
if you're happy if she looks amazing if
you want more comic booking this to it
if you just wish it wasn't gal got it
all together let us know comment below
I'm I from watched moving hopefully a
lot more comic con coverage from many
miles away scenic we watched a movie
we watch the movie we listen we watch
the movie